Plugins and perform find api (#15)
hotwax/oms-documentation: Plugins/Manage app styling with @hotwax-apps-theme package.md

# Manage app styling with @hotwax-apps-theme Package

### Overview

> The Apps theme package is a software library developed by HotWax Commerce that provides styling functionalities for applications. By using this package, HotWax enhances the visual appearance and user interface of applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Apps theme package is a software library developed by HotWax Commerce to deploy a consistent set of styles for all apps from a centrally managed style package. Global styles and branding overrides are managed from here and then imported into all apps.
```
